README.md, before:

# Android Starter
A starter template for Android app project that implements Clean Architecture using RxJava.
Dagger2 is used for dependency injection and lambdas are enabled with Retrolambda.
Base classes for implementing MVVM are also included in this starter project although you are free to implement
other design patterns if needed.

Prior knowledge with Clean Architecture and RxJava is required to use this starter project.

Following the Clean Architecture guidelines, the project is divided
into 3 modules: *domain, data, and app (presentation)*

For further reading about [Clean Architecture](http://blog.cleancoder.com/uncle-bob/2012/08/13/the-clean-architecture.html)

## Setup
* Rename packages from `com.leondzn.starter` to a name of your choice. Make sure the changes are
  applied to all three layers (domain, data, app)
* Change the `package` attribute on the *AndroidManifest.xml* file
* Change the `applicationId` property on *app/build.gradle*

## Usage
* Interactors *(or Use Cases)* can be created by implementing the interfaces found in 
  `domain/interactors/types`.
* Dependencies are managed inside the *dependencies.gradle* file for easier tracking of
  libraries across multiple modules
  
  
## TODO:
- Make a demo app
- More detailed guide

Commit message:

Kotlin (#1)
* Update gradle plugin version

* Indent to 2 spaces

* Add kotlin support to app module

* Convert java classes to kotlin

* Fix build failing bug with same package name

* Add Lifecycle dependency to app module

* Create ViewModelFactory for Dagger multibindings

* Setup base di modules

* Remove retrolambda dependency

* Update copyright

* Use shorthand syntax for app name

* Change package name

* Add coroutines dependency

* Add junit dependency

* Enable junit in app and domain layers

* Refactor domain package name

* Add junit test directories

* Enable junit testing in data layer

* Remove RxJava dependency

Previous design depends on RxJava.
While reactive extensions are useful,
it is a bit of over-engineering since
I've only included it for the purpose of
multi-threading. I've decided
to drop RxJava previously included in this template
to allow for more flexibility. You can add
RxJava on your projects in needed anyway.

* Change UseCase into an interface

* Update README

README.md, after:

# Android Starter
A starter template for Android app project that implements Clean Architecture.
Dagger2 is used for dependency injection.
Base classes for implementing MVVM are also included in this starter project although you are free to implement
other design patterns if needed.

Prior knowledge with Clean Architecture is required to use this starter project.

Following the Clean Architecture guidelines, the project is divided
into 3 modules: *domain, data, and app (presentation)*

For further reading about [Clean Architecture](http://blog.cleancoder.com/uncle-bob/2012/08/13/the-clean-architecture.html)

## Setup
* Rename packages from `com.snekbyte.starter` to a name of your choice. Make sure the changes are
  applied to all three layers (domain, data, app)
* Change the `package` attribute on the *AndroidManifest.xml* file.
  This should not be exactly the same as the app layer's package attribute
  or else the project will build but will fail to resolve the R class properly.
* Change the `applicationId` property on *app/build.gradle*

## Usage
* Use Cases can be created by implementing the UseCase interface
* Dependencies are managed inside the *dependencies.gradle* file for easier tracking of
  libraries across multiple modules
  
  
## TODO:
- Make a demo app
- More detailed guide
